{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 My project is a drawing feature that utilizes the Kinect. Through the use of the Kinect, users can draw with their entire body. If they want more detailed drawing, they can also choose to draw with the mouse. Users can choose between two functions: Free Draw or Dictionary. In Free Draw, users can make very artistic pieces. They are able to make fractals by closing their left hand, and can draw with their right arm by closing their right hand. If they lift either knee, they are greeted with a customize screen. In this screen they can change the color, width, and background. In Pictionary, users can play the game pictionary. They are given a word to draw and are given 30 seconds to draw. Afterwards, they\'92re teammates guess what they\'92re drawings are. The team to get the most correct wins. To run this program, you must have a Kinect and all accompanying software. Also, you must have pygame. The following are the instructions I have used to download the appropriate software. Both came from 112 sources.\
Instructions on how to download Kinect material can be found here: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://onedrive.live.com/view.aspx?cid=ed75cbdc5e4ab0fe&page=view&resid=ED75CBDC5E4AB0FE!1302823&parId=ED75CBDC5E4AB0FE!1096749&app=PowerPoint"}}{\fldrslt https://onedrive.live.com/view.aspx?cid=ed75cbdc5e4ab0fe&page=view&resid=ED75CBDC5E4AB0FE!1302823&parId=ED75CBDC5E4AB0FE!1096749&app=PowerPoint}}\
Instructions on how to download pygame can be found here: https://drive.google.com/file/d/0Byg68lW7NMKab3I2MlZNcER2WkE/view?usp=sharing}